docs: Add conftest example (#24)
infracost/infracost-atlantis: examples/conftest/README.md

# Conftest Example

> This example shows how to use Atlantis' built in [Conftest](https://www.conftest.dev/) support with Infracost to enforce cost policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to use [Atlantis' built in Conftest](https://www.runatlantis.io/docs/policy-checking.html) support with Infracost to enforce cost policies.
```

I thought this might be better as it shows how they can enable the built-in Conftest

            sr_cc := r.subresources[_].costComponents[_]
            sr_cc.name == "Provisioned IOPS"
            iopsHourlyCost := to_number(sr_cc.hourlyCost)

            iopsHourlyCost > baseHourlyCost

            msg := sprintf(
                "AWS instance IOPS must cost less than compute usage (%s IOPS $%v\\hr, usage $%v\\hr).",
                [r.name, iopsHourlyCost, baseHourlyCost],
            )
   }
   ```
3. On the Atlantis server, export env vars for:
   export INFRACOST_API_KEY=<your-infracost-api-token>
4. Run the `infracost/infracost-atlantis` image, which includes the Infracost CLI in addition to Atlantis:
   ```
   docker run -p 4141:4141 -e INFRACOST_API_KEY=$INFRACOST_API_KEY \
     --mount type=bind,source=$(pwd)/examples/conftest/conftest.yml,target=/home/atlantis/repo.yml \
     --mount type=bind,source=$(pwd)/examples/conftest/policy,target=/home/atlantis/policy \
     infracost/infracost-atlantis:latest \
     --gh-user=<your-github-user> \
     --gh-token=$GITHUB_TOKEN \
     --gh-webhook-secret=<your-github-webhook-secret> \
     --repo-allowlist='github.com/your-org/*' \
     --repo-config=/home/atlantis/repo.yml \
     --enable-policy-checks
   ```

> 5. Send a pull request in GitHub to change something in TF, note the policy checks are performed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Send a pull request in GitHub to change something in Terraform, note the policy checks are performed.
```

> 6. Experiment with different cost policies by editing the policy file generated in the pre_workflow_hook.

Reviewer: generated in the hook? or policy.rego ?
